feat(functions): runtime migration (#4735)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-functions/faq.mdx

### How to migrate runtimes?

> On a Serverless Function, you can change the runtime if it's from the same family. Example: migrate from `go1.23` to `go1.24` To change programming language, create a new Serverless Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Serverless Function, you can change the runtime if the new runtime is from the same family as the old one. Example: migrate from `go1.23` to `go1.24` To change programming language, create a new Serverless Function.
```

> On a Serverless Function, you can change the runtime if the new runtime is from the same family as the old one. Example: migrate from `go1.23` to `go1.24` To change programming language, create a new Serverless Function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On a Serverless Function, you can change the runtime if the new runtime is from the same family as the old one. Example: migrate from `go1.23` to `go1.24`. To change programming language, you must create a new Serverless Function.
```
